README.md, before:

# react-avatars

Small basic React project that takes a selfie, requests an API and renders an avatar.

## How to run

-   Clone the repo `git clone https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars.git`
-   Install dependencies `npm i`
-   Run the project `npm start`

### User guide

1. Once the project starts, you can upload an image (selfie) that will be displayed on the screen.

    ![](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/screenshots/2.png)

2. Submit the image or delete it to select another one.

    ![](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/screenshots/3.png)

3. After submitting the image, you have to wait for the avatar (glb file) to download to your machine.

    ![](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/screenshots/4.png)

4. Upload the avatar by dropping the file into the input.

    ![](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/screenshots/5.png)

5. The avatar will be displayed.

    ![](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/screenshots/1.png)

Commit message:

Update the README with instructions for consuming the api

README.md, after:

# react-avatars

Small basic React project that takes a selfie, requests an API and renders an avatar.

## How to run

-   Clone the repo `git clone https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars.git`
-   Install dependencies `npm i`
-   Run the project `npm start`

You must create a file called .env in the root directory (a ![template file](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/.env.template) is provided in the repository). __In this file you must specify a valid token for consuming the API__.

### User guide

1. Once the project starts, you can upload an image (selfie) that will be displayed on the screen.

    ![](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/screenshots/2.png)

2. Submit the image or delete it to select another one.

    ![](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/screenshots/3.png)

3. After submitting the image, you have to wait for the avatar (glb file) to download to your machine.

    ![](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/screenshots/4.png)

4. Upload the avatar by dropping the file into the input.

    ![](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/screenshots/5.png)

5. The avatar will be displayed.

    ![](https://github.com/sergiovp/react-avatars/blob/main/screenshots/1.png)
